[docs] Add info about installing the windows sdk etc (#4115)
drud/ddev: docs/content/developers/release-management.md

### Basic instructions

1. Install the suggested [Windows SDK](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/downloads/windows-sdk/). Only the signing component is required.
2. Add the path of the kit binaries to the Windows system PATH, `C:/Program Files (x86)/Windows Kits/10/bin/10.0.22621.0/x64/`.

> 3. The keyfob and Safenet Authentication Client must be installed. The best documentation for the Safenet software is at <https://support.globalsign.com/ssl/ssl-certificates-installation/safenet-drivers>.

Author: ```suggestion
3. The keyfob and Safenet Authentication Client must be installed. The best documentation for the Safenet software is at <https://support.globalsign.com/ssl/ssl-certificates-installation/safenet-drivers>. You must configure the advanced client settings to "Enable single logon" or it will require the password on each run.
```

4. After `make windows_install` the `ddev-windows-installer.exe` will be in `.ddev/bin/windows_amd64/ddev_windows_installer.exe` and you can sign it with `signtool sign ddev-windows-installer.exe`.

> 5. If you need to install the github self-hosted Windows runner, do it with instructions at https://github.com/drud/ddev/settings/actions/runners

Author: ```suggestion
5. If you need to install the github self-hosted Windows runner, do it with [technique](https://github.com/drud/ddev/settings/actions/runners)
```

> 5. If you need to install the github self-hosted Windows runner, do it with [technique](https://github.com/drud/ddev/settings/actions/runners)

Author: ```suggestion
5. If you need to install the GitHub self-hosted Windows runner, do it with the instructions in project settings->Actions->Runners
6. Currently the `actions/cache` runner does not work out of the box on Windows, so you have to install tar and zstd as described in [issue](https://github.com/actions/cache/issues/580#issuecomment-1165839728).
```
